(typewriter clicking)
(computer clacking)
♪ Efficient, logical,
effective, and practical ♪
♪ Using all resources to
the best of our ability ♪
♪ Changing, designing,
adapting our mentalities ♪
♪ Improving our abilities
for a better way of life ♪
♪ Babies, mother, ♪
♪ Hospital, scissors ♪
♪ Creature, judgment ♪
♪ Butcher, engineer ♪
♪ These are the little children ♪
♪ The future in our hands ♪
♪ When all God's children on this Earth ♪
♪ Inherit all our plans ♪
♪ These are the lies they tell us ♪
♪ But this is the only way ♪
♪ When all God's children on the Earth ♪
♪ Will ever more be saved ♪
♪ Babies, mother ♪
♪ Hospital, scissors ♪
♪ Creature, judgment ♪
♪ Butcher, engineer ♪
♪ Babies, mother ♪
♪ Hospital, scissors ♪
♪ Creature, judgment ♪
♪ Butcher, engineer ♪
♪ These are the little
children (babies, mother) ♪
♪ The future's in their
hands (hospital, scissors) ♪
♪ When all God's children on
this Earth (creature, judgment) ♪
♪ Inherit all our plans
(butcher, engineer) ♪
♪ These are the lies they
tell us (babies, mother) ♪
♪ The future's good as
sold (hospital, scissors) ♪
♪ For all the things we do and
know (creature, judgment) ♪
♪ We really must be bold
(butcher, engineer) ♪
(vocalizing)
(music continues)